fenestra prevents the invasion of noise
blocks dust and pollution brings down
air conditioning costs prevents rain
seepage withstands high velocity winds
creates brighter rooms provides better
ventilation unites living areas and does
all this without maintenance and by
doing all this these windows actually
raise the value of your home now let's
see how finestra impacts your
environment and improves the quality of
your life well we all know how loud our
neighborhoods can be deafening traffic
noise the roar of jet engines if you
happen to live near an airport enough to
drive you crazy yes but my least
favorite is this ear-splitting tamasha
the kids can study Paris consi
but this is what happens when you
install finessed our windows a double
glazed finestra window can reduce noise
levels by as much as 45 decibels how
does it do it each window is double
sealed the joints in the frame are
Fusion welded the multiple locking
system clamps the window across several
points in the frame there are no gaps
between the window and the frame and the
option of double and even triple glazing
further blocks noise infiltration so if
you want peace and quiet at home you
must first switch off neighborhood noise
and the only way to do that is to switch
to finestra
because noise should be seen not heard
banisters effective ceiling also
counters another common Indian problem
the invasion of dust and pollution in
conventional windows dust comes right in
through gaps between the frame and glass
but no particle of dust can infiltrate
the airtight ceiling of a finestra
window semana
so how has finessed a-- changed your
life beneath you're not going to believe
this but now i only dust my home once a
week instead of twice a day and when i
go on holiday i return to a completely
dust free home